The gatekeeper of the Temple of Wealth pays homage to Lord Zhencai
I wish you all the best
Full of gold and jade
Fangjia Sect Master Fang Qiyun
Greetings to Lord Zhencai Hou
I wish you all the best
Full of gold and jade
Ma family Ma Kui visits Lord Zhen Cai Hou
I wish you all the best
Full of gold and jade
Meet Lord Shanhe
Bless the adults to make a fortune
Full of desire
Really talented adult
This person's name is Luozhai
It is said that I am the foolish man of the Five Realms
Screaming here today
wanton
Yes, yes, what Qin Ye said is very true
Today was Quanzi and Miss Fang's family
Connected God
But this guy was hesitant.
Only seen in weapon fights
His heart can be punished
Yes, my lord, this person came uninvited.
It has nothing to do with our Fang family
Please also exempt adults
You are so brave
Dare to be so disrespectful to Lord Valkyrie
God and I only recognize the God of Wealth, not the Godless
Who are you to dare to intersect again?
Hmph, the status is not as good as that of a dog in our financial world
Ah, Lin Xiaojun ordered to call me
Caihou, Caishendian Town
Greet the God of Wealth
I wish you all the best
Full of gold and jade